negation , P-> its N 
weaken , N-> like N 
negation , P-> a N 
weaken , N->  N from
strengthen , P->  P to the
weaken , P->  P the
weaken , P-> to P 
weaken , P-> to the P 
weaken , P->  P its
negation , N-> to P 
negation , N->  P of
strengthen , N-> If N 
weaken , N->  N a
weaken , N-> there N 
weaken , P-> at P 
weaken , P-> at the P 
weaken , P->  P this
weaken , N-> its N 
weaken , N-> a N 
weaken , N-> an N 
weaken , P->  P as
strengthen , N->  N movie
weaken , N->  N than
weaken , P-> with P 
weaken , P-> and P 
weaken , P-> of P 
weaken , P->  P in
weaken , P->  P in the
negation , N-> are P 
negation , N->  P to
weaken , P-> more P 
weaken , N-> with N 
weaken , N->  N to
strengthen , N->  N something
weaken , P->  P from
weaken , P->  P one
strengthen , P->  P one of
weaken , P-> as P 
weaken , P->  P movies
negation , N-> but P 
negation , N-> of P 
negation , P->  N its
weaken , N-> the N 
negation , P-> the N 
weaken , N->  N is
negation , P-> it N 
weaken , P->  P to
weaken , N->  N but
negation , P->  N a
weaken , N-> has N 
weaken , P->  P on
weaken , P->  P on the
weaken , P->  P of
negation , P-> of N 
weaken , P->  P but
weaken , N-> Its N 
weaken , N->  N in
negation , P->  N it
weaken , N-> to N a
negation , P-> this N 
negation , N-> much P 
weaken , P->  P at
weaken , P-> the P 
weaken , P-> are P 
weaken , P-> your P 
weaken , P->  P and
weaken , N-> and N 
strengthen , P-> all P 
weaken , P->  P for
weaken , N-> what N 
weaken , N->  N say
strengthen , N-> trying N 
weaken , N->  N or
weaken , P-> a P 
weaken , P->  P about
weaken , P->  P that
weaken , N->  N as
weaken , N->  N out
weaken , P->  P out
negation , N->  P is
strengthen , P-> can P 
negation , P-> for N 
weaken , P->  P film
weaken , N-> to N 
weaken , N->  N on
weaken , P-> on P 
weaken , P->  P story
negation , P->  N the
negation , P-> an N 
strengthen , N->  N for
weaken , N->  N for the
weaken , N->  N the
negation , N->  P in the
weaken , N->  N by
strengthen , P-> is a P 
weaken , P-> an P 
negation , N-> an P 
negation , P-> and N 
negation , N-> the P 
weaken , P-> it P 
weaken , P->  P some
weaken , P-> some P 
negation , N-> some P 
strengthen , P->  P performances
strengthen , P-> strong P 
weaken , P-> that P 
weaken , P->  P a
weaken , N-> you N 
weaken , N-> just N 
strengthen , N->  N to be
weaken , N->  N be
weaken , N-> of N 
weaken , N-> The N 
negation , N-> their P 
weaken , P-> the P and
weaken , N->  N and
weaken , N-> the N of
weaken , N->  N of
negation , P->  N of the
weaken , P-> its P 
strengthen , N-> have N 
weaken , N->  N that
strengthen , P->  P through
negation , N->  P it
negation , N->  P that
negation , N->  P as
weaken , P-> is P 
negation , P-> than N 
weaken , N->  N in the
weaken , P->  P you
weaken , N->  N some
weaken , N->  N film
weaken , N-> the film N 
weaken , N-> film N 
negation , P->  N much
negation , P-> with N 
negation , N->  P a
negation , N-> a P 
weaken , N-> that N 
strengthen , N->  N just
negation , N-> that P 
weaken , N-> this N 
weaken , P->  P cast
weaken , P-> into P 
strengthen , N->  N enough
weaken , N-> it N 
weaken , N-> it N to
strengthen , N->  N make
weaken , N->  N its
strengthen , P-> still P 
strengthen , P->  P one of the
weaken , P->  P of the
strengthen , P->  P the most
strengthen , P-> one of P 
strengthen , P-> one of the P 
weaken , P-> of the P 
strengthen , N->  N up
weaken , P-> The P 
weaken , P-> but P 
weaken , P-> there P 
weaken , P-> or P 
weaken , P->  P and the
weaken , N-> is N 
strengthen , P->  P work
strengthen , P-> best P 
weaken , P-> be P 
weaken , P-> who P 
weaken , P->  P how
weaken , N-> in N 
strengthen , N-> cant N 
negation , P-> has N 
negation , N-> be P 
negation , P-> be N 
weaken , P-> The film P 
weaken , P-> film P 
weaken , P-> what P 
negation , P-> is N 
weaken , N->  N you
weaken , P-> but its P 
weaken , P->  P very
weaken , P-> very P 
weaken , P->  P movie
negation , P-> Its N 
weaken , N-> to be N 
weaken , N-> be N 
weaken , P->  P is
weaken , N-> it N a
strengthen , N-> out N 
strengthen , N-> about N 
weaken , P->  P it
weaken , P->  P by
strengthen , N->  N so
weaken , P-> has P 
weaken , P-> in P 
weaken , P-> might P 
weaken , P-> It P 
weaken , P->  P film that
weaken , P-> An P 
weaken , P-> This P 
weaken , P-> This is P 
weaken , N-> but N 
weaken , P->  P characters
weaken , P-> for P 
strengthen , P-> A P 
negation , N->  P but
negation , P-> but N 
negation , N->  P of the
weaken , P-> like P 
weaken , N->  N this
negation , N->  P the
weaken , N->  N it
weaken , P-> for the P 
weaken , P-> than P 
negation , N-> to be P 
strengthen , P-> is P a
weaken , N->  N has
weaken , P-> thats P 
negation , P-> like N 
negation , P-> are N 
weaken , N-> story N 
strengthen , N-> would N 
weaken , P-> make P 
negation , P-> if N 
strengthen , N->  N any
negation , P->  N with
weaken , P-> from P 
weaken , P->  P or
weaken , P-> so P 
strengthen , N-> isnt N 
weaken , P->  P has
weaken , P-> his P 
weaken , P->  P with the
weaken , P->  P an
weaken , N-> they N 
weaken , P-> this P 
negation , P->  N and
weaken , P->  P thats
weaken , P->  P moments
weaken , N->  N about
negation , P->  N but
weaken , P->  P up
weaken , P->  P for the
negation , P-> thats N 
weaken , N->  N how
weaken , N-> we N 
strengthen , N->  N better
weaken , P->  P drama
negation , P-> never N 
strengthen , N->  N even
strengthen , N-> into N 
negation , P->  N that
weaken , P-> most P 
negation , N-> of the P 
weaken , P-> In P 
weaken , N-> of the N 
strengthen , N-> really N 
weaken , P->  P are
weaken , N->  N like
weaken , N-> often N 
weaken , N->  N like a
weaken , N->  N who
weaken , P->  P good
strengthen , N->  N much
weaken , N-> not N 
weaken , P->  P so
weaken , N->  N more
negation , P->  N more
weaken , P-> in the P 
strengthen , P->  P us
weaken , N-> from N 
weaken , P->  P way
negation , P->  N is
negation , N-> his P 
weaken , N-> doesnt N 
negation , P->  N in
weaken , N->  N story
strengthen , N->  N are
weaken , N-> so N 
weaken , N-> his N 
negation , N-> like P 
negation , P->  N film
weaken , P-> on the P 
strengthen , N->  N way
negation , P->  N movie
negation , N-> its P 
negation , P-> very N 
strengthen , P->  P years
weaken , N->  N with the
weaken , N->  N with
weaken , N->  N the film
strengthen , N-> like a N 
negation , P-> from N 
negation , P->  N on
weaken , N-> one N 
strengthen , N-> way N 
weaken , N->  N time
weaken , N-> What N 
negation , N-> at P 
strengthen , P->  P as a
negation , P-> I N 
strengthen , N->  N real
weaken , P-> their P 
weaken , P-> director P 
weaken , P-> I P 
weaken , N->  N many
strengthen , P-> may P 
negation , N-> is P 
weaken , P-> will P 
strengthen , N->  N us
weaken , P-> emotional P 
negation , N-> than P 
negation , P->  N to
negation , P-> This N 
strengthen , N-> seems N 
strengthen , N->  N all
negation , N->  P and
negation , N-> in P 
weaken , P-> up P 
negation , N-> movie P 
weaken , N-> It N 
weaken , N->  N one
negation , N->  P comedy
negation , P->  N is a
weaken , P-> not P 
weaken , N-> as N 
weaken , N-> to N the
negation , N-> which P 
weaken , P-> which P 
weaken , P-> the P of
weaken , P-> and P of
strengthen , N->  N have
negation , N->  P have
weaken , N->  N been
strengthen , N-> been N 
negation , N-> The P 
strengthen , P->  P best
strengthen , P->  P when
weaken , P-> of P and
weaken , P-> movies P 
strengthen , N->  N too
strengthen , N-> too N 
negation , P->  N you
weaken , N-> are N 
negation , N->  P for
negation , N->  P by
negation , N->  P be
negation , N->  P too
strengthen , N-> was N 
negation , N->  P in
weaken , N-> The N is
negation , N-> this P 
negation , P-> as N 
negation , P->  N an
strengthen , N->  N than a
strengthen , N-> little N 
negation , P->  N for
negation , N->  P more
strengthen , N-> There N 
negation , P-> more N 
negation , P->  N in the
negation , N-> not P 
negation , P->  N about
negation , N->  P from
weaken , N-> more N 
weaken , N-> in the N 
negation , P->  N as
weaken , N->  N more than
negation , P->  N so
strengthen , N-> make N 
strengthen , P-> but it P 
weaken , P->  P most
weaken , P->  P to see
weaken , P->  P see
weaken , P->  P feel
negation , P-> manages N 
weaken , N-> at N 
weaken , N->  N to the
negation , P->  N to the
weaken , P->  P life
weaken , P-> story P 
weaken , P-> of a P 
weaken , P->  P love
weaken , P->  P with
weaken , N-> for N 
weaken , P->  P make
negation , N-> it P 
strengthen , N->  N have been
weaken , N->  N do
strengthen , N-> nothing N 
weaken , P-> even P 
weaken , P-> the most P 
weaken , N->  N get
weaken , P-> as a P 
strengthen , P->  P entertaining
strengthen , P-> is an P 
negation , P-> no N 
negation , N->  P its
weaken , P->  P to be
weaken , P-> to be P 
negation , N->  P all
strengthen , N-> the movie N 
strengthen , N-> movie N 
negation , N-> and P 
strengthen , N->  N if
weaken , P-> Its P 
weaken , N-> the N is
weaken , N-> or N 
weaken , N->  N to do
negation , N->  P cast
weaken , P->  P even
strengthen , N->  N else
strengthen , N-> much N 
negation , P->  N have
weaken , P-> every P 
weaken , N->  N of the
weaken , P-> for a P 
strengthen , P-> new P 
strengthen , P-> we P 
strengthen , N-> all N 
weaken , N->  N of a
weaken , P-> is P the
strengthen , P-> one P 
weaken , P-> just P 
strengthen , P->  P time
negation , P-> that N 
negation , P-> to N 
strengthen , P-> If P 
weaken , P-> you P 
weaken , N->  N see
weaken , P-> in a P 
weaken , P-> to P the
weaken , N->  N he
negation , N-> and the P 
strengthen , P->  P funny
weaken , P-> the film P 
negation , P-> not N 
negation , P->  N of
strengthen , N-> theres N 
negation , P->  N than
strengthen , P-> any P 
strengthen , N->  N quite
negation , P->  N this
negation , N-> of a P 
negation , N-> the P of
strengthen , N-> but the N 
negation , N-> never P 
weaken , P->  P into
weaken , N-> will N 
weaken , P-> he P 
weaken , N-> the N to
negation , N->  P with
weaken , P-> first P 
weaken , P-> the P of the
weaken , P-> the P the
weaken , P->  P here
weaken , P-> the P is
negation , P-> can N 
weaken , N-> if N 
negation , P->  N has
negation , N->  P are
negation , N->  P of a
weaken , N-> of a N 
negation , P->  N be
strengthen , N-> almost N 
negation , N-> film P 
weaken , N-> than N 
weaken , P->  P comedy
weaken , P-> movie P 
negation , N-> as P 
negation , N-> more P 
weaken , N-> that it N 
strengthen , P->  P fun
weaken , P-> great P 
negation , N->  P movie
negation , P->  N to be
weaken , P->  P be
strengthen , N->  N which
negation , P-> in N 
weaken , N-> feels N 
weaken , N->  N I
strengthen , N->  N not
weaken , P->  P films
weaken , P-> worth P 
weaken , P->  P enough
weaken , N->  N and the
weaken , N-> the N the
weaken , P-> about P 
strengthen , N-> enough N 
weaken , P->  P more
negation , P-> what N 
negation , P->  N all
negation , N-> too P 
negation , N-> Its P 
weaken , P-> good P 
negation , N-> as P as
weaken , P->  P who
negation , P->  N one
negation , P-> one N 
strengthen , N-> which N 
weaken , N->  N made
negation , P-> so N 
weaken , N->  N at
weaken , N->  N is a
weaken , N->  N an
weaken , P-> performance P 
weaken , N-> to the N 
weaken , P-> well P 
weaken , N-> who N 
negation , P-> who N 
negation , P-> The N 
weaken , P-> about the P 
negation , P-> get N 
weaken , N-> first N 
weaken , P->  P the film
weaken , P-> the P a
weaken , P-> theres P 
negation , P-> film N 
strengthen , N-> still N 
weaken , P->  P their
weaken , P-> a P of
strengthen , P->  P ride
weaken , P-> human P 
negation , P->  N like
negation , P->  N too
contrast , P->  N to P 
negation , N-> for P 
negation , N-> for a P 
weaken , P->  P between
weaken , N->  N think
weaken , P-> visual P 
negation , P-> the N and
negation , N-> to P the
weaken , N-> no N 
strengthen , P->  P little
weaken , P->  P your
negation , P-> It N 
negation , P-> may N 
weaken , P->  P action
negation , N->  P not
negation , N->  P film
negation , N->  P with the
weaken , P->  P with a
negation , P-> we N 
negation , N-> with P 
negation , P-> the N of
weaken , P->  P his
negation , N-> A P 
weaken , P-> her P 
weaken , P-> it P to
negation , N->  P and the
negation , N-> the P the
weaken , N-> and the N 
strengthen , P-> young P 
weaken , N-> on N 
weaken , P-> a P in
negation , N->  P one
negation , N->  P this
negation , N->  P but the
weaken , P->  P as it
negation , N->  P at
negation , P->  N at
negation , N-> been P 
weaken , N-> I N 
weaken , N-> but it N 
weaken , N-> as it N 
weaken , P-> two P 
negation , N->  P The
strengthen , N-> only N 
negation , N->  P or
weaken , P-> is P of
strengthen , P-> is the P 
weaken , P->  P not
weaken , N-> a N of
weaken , P-> But P 
negation , N->  P moments
weaken , P->  P them
weaken , N-> get N 
weaken , N->  N being
weaken , P-> that P the
negation , P-> you N 
negation , N-> or P 
weaken , P-> is P to
strengthen , P-> a P to
strengthen , N-> hard N 
weaken , N->  N his
strengthen , N->  N minutes
negation , P->  N by
strengthen , P->  P is a
weaken , N-> with a N 
weaken , N-> In N 
weaken , P->  P have
strengthen , N->  N off
negation , P-> of the N 
negation , P-> just N 
weaken , N-> never N 
strengthen , N-> thats N 
weaken , P->  P of a
negation , P-> way N 
negation , P->  N great
strengthen , N-> by N 
weaken , P-> The P is
weaken , P-> a P and
weaken , P->  P all
weaken , N->  N long
negation , P-> his N 
strengthen , P-> also P 
weaken , N->  N was
strengthen , N->  N thing
negation , P->  N little
negation , N->  P so
strengthen , P->  P thing
weaken , P-> with the P 
weaken , P->  P like
weaken , N->  N does
weaken , N-> is N a
weaken , N-> A N 
negation , P->  N do
weaken , P->  P for a
negation , N-> as a P 
weaken , P-> really P 
contrast , N->  N the P 
negation , N-> to the P 
negation , P->  N just
weaken , P-> Theres P 
weaken , N-> is a N 
weaken , P->  P much
strengthen , N->  N feels
weaken , N-> he N 
weaken , P-> something P 
weaken , P-> have P 
weaken , P-> and a P 
weaken , P-> if P 
weaken , P->  P what
negation , N->  P like
strengthen , N->  N what
weaken , N-> can N 
weaken , P->  P The
negation , N-> you P 
strengthen , N->  N into
negation , P-> A N 
weaken , P->  P lot
weaken , P->  P performance
weaken , P-> in the P of
negation , N->  P than
weaken , N-> even N 
contrast , P->  P of N 
negation , P-> enough N 
negation , P-> movie N 
weaken , P->  P of its
negation , N->  P up
negation , N-> have P 
weaken , P-> many P 
negation , P-> on N 
contrast , P->  N a P 
weaken , P->  P I
weaken , N-> The N of
weaken , P-> of P the
negation , P-> isnt N 
weaken , P-> much P 
weaken , P->  P as the
weaken , N->  N before
strengthen , N-> Theres N 
weaken , P->  P tale
weaken , N-> were N 
negation , P->  N thats
negation , P-> story N 
weaken , N-> she N 
weaken , N->  N as a
weaken , N-> come N 
weaken , P->  P own
weaken , N->  N here
weaken , N-> also N 
weaken , N->  N good
negation , N->  P I
weaken , P-> as P as
weaken , N->  N the movie
weaken , P-> has a P 
negation , N-> so P 
negation , N->  P story
weaken , N-> is the N 
weaken , N-> Its not N 
weaken , N-> might N 
negation , P-> have N 
weaken , P-> Its a P 
negation , N-> about P 
negation , N-> on P 
negation , N->  P an
negation , N-> into P 
strengthen , N-> ultimately N 
weaken , P-> is P and
weaken , P-> by P 
weaken , P->  P can
negation , N->  P But
negation , P->  N not
negation , P-> all N 
negation , P->  N a little
weaken , P->  P if
weaken , P->  P which
strengthen , P-> with a P 
weaken , N-> is not N 
contrast , P->  P the N 
negation , P-> good N 
weaken , P-> be a P 
weaken , P->  P than
weaken , P->  P her
strengthen , N-> This N 
weaken , P-> and the P 
weaken , P->  P but it
weaken , N-> could N 
weaken , N-> The film N 
weaken , P->  P been
weaken , P-> films P 
strengthen , P-> it is P 
negation , P->  N from
weaken , P-> funny P 
weaken , P-> action P 
negation , P->  N as a
weaken , N->  N take
negation , P->  N or
contrast , P->  N the P 
negation , N->  P has
contrast , N->  N of P 
negation , N->  P enough
negation , N->  P on
weaken , P-> its a P 
weaken , P-> a P movie
strengthen , P->  P and a
negation , P-> The N is
strengthen , P-> into the P 
weaken , N-> when N 
negation , P-> when N 
weaken , N->  N The
weaken , P->  P of his
strengthen , N->  N had
negation , P->  N into
weaken , N-> feel N 
negation , N-> on the P 
negation , N->  P you
weaken , P-> horror P 
negation , P-> of a N 
negation , P-> the film N 
weaken , P-> own P 
negation , N-> all P 
negation , N-> in the P 
weaken , P-> get P 
weaken , P-> a P the
negation , N-> only P 
negation , N-> he P 
weaken , N-> very N 
negation , N-> has P 
negation , P-> he N 
weaken , N-> could have N 
negation , P->  N out
weaken , P-> film is P 
weaken , P-> in P of
negation , N-> is a P 
